=head1 NAME

WebService::Hatena::Favorites - A wrapper for Hatena Favorites API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use WebService::Hatena::Favorites;
  my $ids = WebService::Hatena::Favorites->favorites($hatena_id);
  for (@$ids) {
    print "id:", $_, "\n";
  }

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<WebService::Hatena::Favorites> module provides lists of favorite
users of Hatena users in various Hatena services, using the Hatena
Favorites API.

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item $hatena_ids = WebService::Hatena::Favorites->favorites($hatena_id[, $domain)

Returns the list of favorite users, as an array reference of Hatena
IDs.  It returns C<undef> if the retrieval is failed.

The optional I<$domain> argument must be one of following values:
C<www> (entire Hatena services; default), C<a> (Hatena Antenna), C<d>
(Hatena Diary), C<g> (Hatena Group), or C<s> (Hatena Star).

=item $hatena_ids = WebService::Hatena::Favorites->friends($hatena_id[, $domain)

Returns the list of Star Friends, as an array reference of Hatena
IDs.  It returns C<undef> if the retrieval is failed.

The optional I<$domain> argument, if specified, must be C<s> (Hatena
Star).

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Hatena Favorites API
<http://developer.hatena.ne.jp/ja/documents/other/apis/favorite> (In
Japanese).

Hatena Star Favorite Users API
<http://developer.hatena.ne.jp/en/documents/star/apis/favorites> (In
English).

L<Web::UserAgent::Functions>
<https://github.com/wakaba/perl-web-useragent-functions>.

=head1 HISTORY

=over 4

=item 1.0 (June 3, 2011)

First version.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2011 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
